New baby mob textures, craftable name
tags, and more were just added to
Minecraft in the first snapshot of the
new year. Here's everything that
changed. First, name tags are no longer
a difficult item to obtain since you can
craft them using one paper and one
copper, iron, or gold nugget placed
diagonally like this. Next, adult
rabbits got an overhaul and now look
completely different, have new
animations, and a much larger hitbox. I
have a pet rabbit, so I'm qualified to
say this. This rabbit is a chonker and
needs to lay off the carrots. Also,
their faces shouldn't be flat since
rabbits have big noses, but overall, the
new texture and animation is pretty
good. Additionally, wolves, cats, and
pigs got new baby sounds. And finally,
wolves, cats, pigs, cows, sheep,
chickens, ocelots, and rabbits got new
baby variants. And it's going to be way
harder to kill their parents in front of
them now because look how cute they are.
Puppies, kittens, piglets, calves,
lambs, chicks, ocelot kittens, bunnies.